Updated docs with enterprise update details (#6498)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/install/set-defaults-for-enterprise-deployments.md

| `KeepDownloadedPayloads` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | Keep package payloads even after they are installed. You can change the value anytime. Disabling the policy removes any cached package payloads for the instance you repair or modify. For more information, see the [Disable or move the package cache](disable-or-move-the-package-cache.md) page. |
| `SharedInstallationPath` | `REG_SZ` or `REG_EXPAND_SZ` | %ProgramFiles(x86)%\Microsoft Visual Studio\Shared | The directory where some packages shared across versions of instances of Visual Studio are installed. You can change the value any time, but it will only affect future installs. Any products already installed to the old location must not be moved or they might not function correctly. |
| `BackgroundDownloadDisabled` |`REG_DWORD` | 1 | Prevent setup from downloading updates automatically for all installed Visual Studio products. You can change the value anytime. |

> | `AdministratorUpdatesEnabled` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | If missing or is set to 0, Administrator Updates will be blocked from applying to the client computer. This is for administrative use. For more information, see the [Administrative Updates](http://TODOLink) page. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AdministratorUpdatesEnabled` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | Allows Administrator Updates to be applied to the client computer. If this value is missing or is set to 0, Administrator Updates will be blocked. This value is for administrative use. For more information, see the [Administrative Updates](http://TODOLink) page. | 
```
```suggestion
| `AdministratorUpdatesEnabled` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | If missing or is set to 0, Administrator Updates will be blocked from applying to the client computer. This is for administrative use. For more information, see the [Administrative Updates](http://TODOLink) page. | 
```

> | `AdministratorUpdatesOptOut` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | The absence of the registry value, or a set value of 0, means that the Visual Studio user wants to receive administrator updates to Visual Studio. This is for developer user (if they have permissions). For more information, see the [Administrative Updates](http://TODOLink) page. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `AdministratorUpdatesOptOut` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | Indicates that the user does not want to receive administrator updates to Visual Studio. The absence of the registry value, or a set value of 0, means that the Visual Studio user wants to receive administrator updates to Visual Studio. This is for developer user (if they have permissions). For more information, see the [Administrative Updates](http://TODOLink) page. | 
```
```suggestion
| `AdministratorUpdatesOptOut` | `REG_DWORD` | 1 | The absence of the registry value, or a set value of 0, means that the Visual Studio user wants to receive administrator updates to Visual Studio. This is for developer user (if they have permissions). For more information, see the [Administrative Updates](http://TODOLink) page. | 
```
